okay but I gotta make this short and
sweet I wanted to come to you guys and
show you what I just got in the mail my
makeup friendships between two piece set
that I got off of Amazon remember I
mentioned in one of my tutorials myself
when I get it
I will show you ladies this is well
ladies books gentlemen whoever you are
if you are subscribed to my channel
you're one of my bugs so this is my hot
pink 22p twill petal pink 22-piece brush
set and as you can see look how long ago
say oh I love these brushes I got these
on Amazon at Amazon for 13 bucks and the
shipping was free and I waited two weeks
to get these which is worth it because
you have free shipping and I got it bye
posters mail my mailman brung up to me I
only bought them body stuff so I
wouldn't have to so I can get on quicker
or whatever so as you can see these
brushes are I'm gonna flip this down and
show you they are very soft like each
brush is very soft and these are no-name
brush you know that's why when it was 13
bucks but I really don't care because
they are gonna get put to use for what
they're used for and I think these are
great buy especially this bring my first
like full brush set like I buy brushes
or whatever from Walmart but for a full
set like this with the case and
everything 13 bucks you can not you
cannot see that that is a great deal and
I'm glad that I spend my 13 dollars on
these and I will be using these and
future tutorials but I just wanted to
show you guys I'm gonna zoom in a little
bit just going to show you how they look
that's the big fan brush powder brushes
eyeshadows another smaller brush fan
brush like they got all the brushes that
you really need
so I just wanted to show you guys my
brushes and um share with you how much I
paid for them and if anyone is
interested you can find these on
amazon.com
22 piece set these are no-name brush set
and they are listed like 1292 tup what I
was a 90 cent and then free shipping so
altogether it would be like 13 bucks so
yeah I just want to show you guys with
that and I just want to show you how it
lived down protect your brushes and you
roll it up but great bye so thank you
again for watching and I love all my
pest needs to make a book